Removed IBP references from roles (#13)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-ansible-collection: docs/source/roles/endorsing_organization.rst

Reviewer: Multiple instances where we can just say `Fabric operations console` to generalise between the HLF Support version and the OSS version

Reviewer: In the example at the end of the file, the `roles:` needs to be `- hyperledger.fabric_ansible_collection.endorsing_organization` and `- hyperledger.fabric_ansible_collection.endorsing_organization` instead of what they are now (NOTE the underscores)

This role allows you to quickly build Hyperledger Fabric components for an endorsing organization. An endorsing organization has a certificate authority and a peer.

> This role works with  the IBM Hyperledger Fabric Support Offering running in a Red Hat OpenShift or Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role works with IBM Support for Hyperledger Fabric software or the Hyperledger Fabric Open Source Stack running in a Red Hat OpenShift or Kubernetes cluster.
```
